README.md, before:

# ccm [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jingcao80/ccm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jingcao80/ccm)

CCM stands for C++ Component Model. It can:
1. support interface-oriented programming;
2. support C++ runtime reflection;

**ccdl** is the .cdl compiler.

**runtime** is the component driver.

### Install cmake
1. <code>sudo apt-get install software-properties-common</code>
2. <code>sudo add-apt-repository ppa:george-edison55/cmake-3.x</code>
3. <code>sudo apt-get update</code>
4. <code>sudo apt-get install cmake</code>

### Install DBus
1. <code>sudo apt-get update</code>
2. <code>sudo apt-get install libdbus-1-dev</code>

### Install Unwind
1. <code>sudo apt-get install libunwind8-dev</code>

### Install ICU
1. <code>sudo apt-get install libicu-dev</code>

### How to build
1. <code>cd ccm</code>
2. <code>source build/envsetup.sh</code>
2. <code>mkdir out</code>
3. <code>cd out</code>
4. <code>cmake ..</code>
5. <code>make</code>

#### Rebuild
1. <code>make clobber</code>
2. <code>make</code> or <code> make -j*n*</code>

### Run sample
1. <code>cd ccm/bin</code>
2. <code>./demo</code>

Commit message:

1. support debug build and release build. 2. PrintWriter. 3. StackTrace::PrintStackTrace.

README.md, after:

# ccm [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jingcao80/ccm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jingcao80/ccm)

CCM stands for C++ Component Model. It can:
1. support interface-oriented programming;
2. support C++ runtime reflection;

**ccdl** is the .cdl compiler.

**runtime** is the component driver.

### Install cmake
1. <code>sudo apt-get install software-properties-common</code>
2. <code>sudo add-apt-repository ppa:george-edison55/cmake-3.x</code>
3. <code>sudo apt-get update</code>
4. <code>sudo apt-get install cmake</code>

### Install DBus
1. <code>sudo apt-get update</code>
2. <code>sudo apt-get install libdbus-1-dev</code>

### Install Unwind
1. <code>sudo apt-get install libunwind8-dev</code>

### Install ICU
1. <code>sudo apt-get install libicu-dev</code>

### How to build
1. <code>cd ccm</code>
2. <code>source build/envsetup.sh</code>
2. <code>mkdir out</code>
3. <code>cd out</code>
4. <code>cmake ..</code> for release build  
    or  
   <code>cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..</code>code> for release build  
    or  
   <code>cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug ..</code>code> for debug build
5. <code>make</code>

#### Rebuild
1. <code>make clobber</code>
2. <code>make</code> or <code> make -j*n*</code>

### Run sample
1. <code>cd ccm/bin</code>
2. <code>./demo</code>
